## Statement: Use of AI in this project

We have taken care to comply with the university requirements around use of AI in this assessment. These are:

"This assessment falls under the category of AI-Assisted in the University’s Guidance on use of GenAI
in Assessment. This is because using AI tools in specific ways can assist with your learning and
will not inhibit fair assessment of your achievement of the module’s intended learning outcomes.
This means: You may use GenAI tools ethically and responsibly to assist in the development of an
assessment in accordance with the boxes checked below.
□ ✓ To develop ideas
□ ✓ To assist with research or information gathering
□ ✓ To help you understand key concepts and theories
□ ✓ To identify trends and themes as part of data analysis
□ ✓ To provide feedback on a draft
□ ✓ To improve the plan or structure of my assessment
□ ✓ To generate images, figures or diagrams
□ ✓ To proofread and correct spelling or grammar errors
□ ✓ To format citations or references
□ To translate material into English in line with guidance from your module lead. Unless this
box is checked, you must never use AI translate more than a word or short phrase into English.
□ ✓ OTHER: To support debugging of Python code you have written.
□ ✓ OTHER: To improve the quality of Python docstrings
□ ✓ OTHER: To improve code quality
□ OTHER: To write the Python code from scratch
When writing your assessment, you must never use AI tools:
1. For uses other than those represented by checked boxes in the list above.
2. To translate more than a word or short phrase into English unless agreed above.
3. To upload sensitive or identifying material to an AI tool
4. To present material that has been generated by AI as your own work or the work of someone
else.
When submitting your assessment, you must:
1. Check the box during the submission process, that confirms you have adhered to the uni-
versity’s academic conduct policy and the expectations on use of GenAI in your assessment
brief.
7
2. Treat the AI tool like a citation from any other source.
3. Include a list of all AI prompts and hyperlinks to their output with your references, at the end
of your work. You do not need to include the outputs themselves, just the links.
4. Retain the full outputs generated by the prompts you have used during your assignment. These
outputs should be accessible at the hyperlinks which you have submitted with your assignment.
You may be asked to produce this material in the event of an academic conduct inquiry."


### list of all AI prompts and hyperlinks

Each contributor is encouraged to record hyperlinks to their AI prompts in a seperate file.

